1. What Surgeries has this patient had? Include the name of the procedure, the date of surgery, and the page of the pdf where this information is sourced
Based on the medical data provided, the patient Deirdre Alimae Lum has had the following surgeries:

1. Mandibular and/or Maxillary Hardware Removal (date not specified)

Note that there may be other procedures or tests listed in the data that are not necessarily surgical in nature, such as radiology scans or lab tests.

2. What medications has this patient used? Include the name of the medication, the date the medication started, and the date ended (if they exist), and the page of the pdf where this information is sourced
Based on the medical data provided, the medications used by this patient (Deirdre Alimae Lum) are not explicitly mentioned. The data appears to be related to various medical procedures and screenings, but it does not include information about medications taken by the patient.

However, I did find some relevant information that might be helpful:

* In one of the procedure records, there is a mention of "Topical Application Of Fluoride" which suggests that fluoride treatment may have been performed as part of an oral hygiene instruction.
* There is also a record of "Resin-based Comp 1 Surface, Posterior" and "Resin-based Comp 2 Surface, Anterior", which are likely related to dental procedures rather than medications.

It's important to note that the data provided does not contain information about prescription medications taken by this patient. If you need more detailed information about Deirdre Alimae Lum's medication history, I would recommend reviewing her medical records or consulting with her healthcare provider directly.

3. What allergies does the patient have? Include the Allergies, and the page of the pdf where this information is sourced
Unfortunately, there are no allergy information provided in the medical data you've shared. The data appears to be a collection of various medical procedures and test results, but it does not include any information about allergies. If you're looking for information on Deirdre Alimae Lum's allergies, I'm afraid that information is not present in this dataset.

